Kubernetes support (#56)
iterative/terraform-provider-iterative: README.md

| `ssh_private`       |                                          |                                                                           | SSH private in PEM format. If not provided one private and public key will be automatically generated and returned in terraform.tfstate                                                                                                                                                       |
| `startup_script`    |                                          |                                                                           | Startup script also known as userData on AWS and customData in Azure. It can be expressed as multiline text using [TF heredoc syntax ](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration-0-11/variables.html)                                                                                       |

> # Pitfalls

Author: ```suggestion
## Requirements
```

> To be able to use the `instance_type` and `instance_gpu` you will need also to
> be allowed to launch [such instances](#Supported-vendors) within you cloud
> provider. Normally all the GPU instances need to be approved prior to be used by
> your vendor. You can always try with an already approved instance type by your
> vendor just setting it i.e. `t2.micro`

Author: ```suggestion
To be able to use `instance_type` and `instance_gpu`, you'll need access to
launch [instances from supported cloud vendors](#Supported-vendors). Please
ensure that you have sufficient quotas with your cloud provider for the
instances you intend to provision with Iterative Provider. If you're just
starting out with a new account with a vendor, we recommend trying Iterative
Provider with approved instances, such as the `t2.micro` instance for AWS.
```

provider "iterative" {}

resource "iterative_machine" "machine" {
  region            = "us-west-1"
  ami               = "iterative-cml"
  instance_name     = "machine"
  instance_hdd_size = "10"
  instance_type     = "t2.micro"
}
```

</p>
</details>

> # Supported vendors

Author: ```suggestion
## Supported vendors
```

> - AWS
> - Azure
> - Kubernetes

Author: ```suggestion
The Iterative Provider currently supports AWS, Azure and Kubernetes. Google Cloud Platform
is not currently supported.
```

provider "iterative" {}

resource "iterative_machine" "machine" {
  region            = "us-west-1"
  ami               = "iterative-cml"
  instance_name     = "machine"
  instance_hdd_size = "10"
  instance_type     = "t2.micro"
}
```

</p>
</details>

# Supported vendors

- AWS
- Azure
- Kubernetes

<details>
<summary>AWS instance equivalences</summary>
<p>

> The instance type in AWS is calculated joining the `instance_type` and
> `instance_gpu`

Author: ```suggestion
The instance type in AWS is calculated by joining the `instance_type` and
`instance_gpu` values.
```

<summary>Azure instance equivalences</summary>
<p>

> The instance type in Azure is calculated joining the `instance_type` and

Author: ```suggestion
The instance type in Azure is calculated by joining the `instance_type` and
```

</p>
</details>

<details>
<summary>Kubernetes instance equivalences</summary>
<p>

The instance type in Kubernetes is calculated joining the `instance_type` and
`instance_gpu`

| type | gpu   | cpu cores | ram     |
| ---- | ----- | --------- | ------- |
| m    |       | 8         | 32 GiB  |
| l    |       | 32        | 128 GiB |
| xl   |       | 64        | 256 GiB |
| m    | k80   | 4         | 64 GiB  |
| l    | k80   | 32        | 512 GiB |
| xl   | k80   | 64        | 768 GiB |
| m    | tesla | 8         | 64 GiB  |
| l    | tesla | 32        | 256 GiB |
| xl   | tesla | 64        | 512 GiB |

_Note: the resource limits specified are roughly equivalent to the ones from the
equivalent AWS instances, but won't be allocated unless required by the running
processes._

</p>
</details>

# `iterative-cml` image

> It's a GPU ready image based on Ubuntu 18.04. It has the following stack already
> installed:

Author: ```suggestion
We've created a GPU-ready image based on Ubuntu 18.04. It comes with the
following stack already installed:
```

> - nvidia drivers
> - docker
> - nvidia-docker

Author: ```suggestion
- Nvidia drivers
- Docker
- Nvidia-docker
```

</p>
</details>

<details>
<summary>Kubernetes instance equivalences</summary>
<p>

The instance type in Kubernetes is calculated joining the `instance_type` and
`instance_gpu`

| type | gpu   | cpu cores | ram     |
| ---- | ----- | --------- | ------- |
| m    |       | 8         | 32 GiB  |
| l    |       | 32        | 128 GiB |
| xl   |       | 64        | 256 GiB |
| m    | k80   | 4         | 64 GiB  |
| l    | k80   | 32        | 512 GiB |
| xl   | k80   | 64        | 768 GiB |
| m    | tesla | 8         | 64 GiB  |
| l    | tesla | 32        | 256 GiB |
| xl   | tesla | 64        | 512 GiB |

_Note: the resource limits specified are roughly equivalent to the ones from the
equivalent AWS instances, but won't be allocated unless required by the running
processes._

</p>
</details>

> # `iterative-cml` image

Author: ```suggestion
## The iterative-cml image
```
